# AUGMENTED-REALITY-IN-EDUCATION-Biology-Model-in-class-9-10-
Augmented  Reality  (AR)  is  an  interactive  experience  or  a  mix  of  genuine  real-world  and computerized information and digital data.  It simplifies and improves client information and user knowledge of interaction on collaboration with physical world by forcing virtual pictures on real ones. This is the better approach for manipulating how we collaborate with that world, replacing the real world.  Augmented  Reality  has  manifested  in  various  fields  to  day  like Education,  Navigation,  Games,  Industry,  Medical,  Advertisements  and  Architecture. AR in training wills before long influence the  students  learning  measure.  Our  methodology  can possibly  accelerate  the  plan  of  3D  perspectives  on  and  help  understudies  to  learn  and acknowledge  ideas  in  a  superior  and  intelligent  manner  and  approach  has  the  potential  to speed up the design of 3D views of and help students to learn and realize concepts in a better and interactive way. The thought introduced in this report is to show how AR can be utilized to upgrade the learning experience of understudies  for  Biology.  The  AR  based  Biology application  submitted  here  is  a  teaching  aid  supplementing  the  work  of  a  teacher  in  the Biology.  The  AR  based  Biology  application  submitted  here  is  a  training  help  enhancing crafted by an educator in the Biology. It is processes which make Biology simple, intelligent, useful and genuine to the understudies. The AR based Biology application submitted here is a teaching aid supplementing the work of a teacher in the Biology. It is processes which make Biology easy, interactive, informative and authentic to the students. 
